## Instructions
In this exercise, we will be working on updating the styles of a Website. The layout style are already in place, so you will be making some minor modification to a page layout. Mostly, changes to a navigation menu. I recommend that after each change, you open the browser and attempt to view the results of each change. Inspect the element that you are expecting the change to occur in and view the rules that affect this element in the developer tools for your browser. (PS. Be careful when openning ```sa_styles.css``` as you may be confused by the instructions from last class. They are left there to help you recall what we did.)

1. Open ```index.html``` in your browser. You should find the same Web site that we were working on last time. I have completed the styles in ```sa_styles.css``` so that you can also compare your results against mine.
2. We will be making some modification to another css file called ```sa_newLayout.css``` for today's hand-on exercise. Locate that file and open it in your editor.
3. Modify the body layout so that the width of the page is set to be 95% of the browser window. And that the page will never exceed 1000px in width and be no less than 800px in width. Center the body in the browser by applying equal margins on both the left and right.
4. Likely, by now you have noticed that your changes are not affecting the page that is open in the browser. Open ```index.html``` in your browser and locate the first link tag. Change the link from ```sa_layout.css``` to ```sa_newLayout.css``` otherwise your page will continue to use the same layout as before. Repeat for all the pages in the site.
5. Modify the section so that it now only occupies 90% of the width of it's parent element (the body) and so that it is centered in the body.
6. Create a rule that will be applied to all heading within the section (h1-h6). This rule should push the heading down the page until there are no elements to the left or right of the heading.
7.    Modify the navigation panel so that it is now a horizontal layout rather than a vertical layout. It should no longer be sized to fit to the left of the section, but should now be above it. Create additional rules as needed to give the navigation panel a more button-like appearance. (Hint: you may need to edit the sa_styles.css file to complete this task.)